fix: 🐛 subscribe to http driver observables (#13)
ngworker/lumberjack: projects/ngworker/lumberjack/src/lib/log-drivers/http-driver/README.md

Then the logs are attempted to be send. On success we clear the list of pending logs, otherwise, we keep adding items until the server recovers.

> The `sendLogPackage` method has been optimized to run outside **Angular** `ngZone`, avoiding unnecessary changeDetections cycles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sendLogPackage` method has been optimized to run outside **Angular**'s `NgZone`, avoiding unnecessary change detection cycles.
```
